Clarify 'free up disk space more quickly' FAQ item (#19087)
cockroachdb/docs: src/current/_includes/v23.1/storage/free-up-disk-space.md

> For instructions on how to free up disk space as quickly as possible after dropping a table, see [How can I free up disk space that was used by a dropped table?]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/operational-faqs.md %}#how-can-i-free-up-disk-space-when-dropping-a-table)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instructions on how to free up disk space as quickly as possible after dropping a table, see [How can I free up disk space that was used by a dropped table?]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/operational-faqs.md %}#how-can-i-free-up-disk-space-that-was-used-by-a-dropped-table)
```

> For instructions on how to free up disk space as quickly as possible after deleting data, see [How can I free up disk space that was used by a dropped table?]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/operational-faqs.md %}#how-can-i-free-up-disk-space-that-was-used-by-a-dropped-table)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For instructions on how to free up disk space as quickly as possible after dropping a table, see [How can I free up disk space that was used by a dropped table?]({% link {{ page.version.version }}/operational-faqs.md %}#how-can-i-free-up-disk-space-that-was-used-by-a-dropped-table)
```
